README.md, before:

# Evolve
An Evolving Web Server Example

This uses Chef and Test Kitchen to create a web server instance that can be run with Vagrant/Virtualbox or with the included Terraform configuration.

## Requirements
This project uses the following software:
* [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com)
* [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/VirtualBox)
* [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)
* [Chefdk](https://downloads.chef.io/chefdk)
* [Test Kitchen](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen)
* [Kitchen-ec2 plugin](https://github.com/test-kitchen/kitchen-ec2)
* [Inspec](https://www.inspec.io)
* [Chefspec](https://github.com/chefspec/chefspec)
* Ruby 2.4

Chefdk ships with Ruby, Test Kitchen and Inspec but I wanted to just call them out explicitly. In addition, the kitchen-ec2 gem is required. 

## Assumptions
* The listed software is installed and working properly
* You have a working AWS account and an existing credentials file

## Part 1 Generate a Cookbook
```
chef generate cookbook mywebserver -b -C 'Sascha Bates' -m 'sascha.bates@gmail.com' -I 'apachev2'
```
## Part 2 Write Failing Unit Tests
Unit tests are written with chefspec and located at chef/cookbooks/mywebserver/spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb.

They test that a package is installed, a homepage template file is created and that the service is enabled and running.

### Run the Test
in the cookbook folder Evolve/chef/cookbooks/mywebserver run

 ``` chef exec rspec ```

 ```
 Finished in 0.66068 seconds (files took 1.78 seconds to load)
4 examples, 3 failures

Failed examples:

rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:28 # mywebserver::default installs httpd
rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:33 # mywebserver::default creates a template for the home page
rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:37 # mywebserver::default enables and starts the httpd servce
```

Commit message:

part 4 using the httpd cookbook

README.md, after:

# Evolve
An Evolving Web Server Example

This uses Chef and Test Kitchen to create a web server instance that can be run with Vagrant/Virtualbox or with the included Terraform configuration.

## Requirements
This project uses the following software:
* [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com)
* [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/VirtualBox)
* [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)
* [Chefdk](https://downloads.chef.io/chefdk)
* [Test Kitchen](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen)
* [Kitchen-ec2 plugin](https://github.com/test-kitchen/kitchen-ec2)
* [Inspec](https://www.inspec.io)
* [Chefspec](https://github.com/chefspec/chefspec)
* Ruby 2.4

Chefdk ships with Ruby, Test Kitchen, Chefspec and Inspec but I wanted to also call them out explicitly. In addition, the kitchen-ec2 gem is required. 

## Assumptions
* The listed software is installed and working properly
* You have a working AWS account and an existing credentials file

## Part 1 Generate a Cookbook
```
chef generate cookbook mywebserver -b -C 'Sascha Bates' -m 'sascha.bates@gmail.com' -I 'apachev2'
```
## Part 2 Write Failing Unit Tests
Unit tests are written with chefspec and located at chef/cookbooks/mywebserver/spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb.

They test that a package is installed, a homepage template file is created and that the service is enabled and running.

### Run the Test
in the cookbook folder Evolve/chef/cookbooks/mywebserver run

 ``` chef exec rspec ```

 ```
 Finished in 0.66068 seconds (files took 1.78 seconds to load)
4 examples, 3 failures

Failed examples:

rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:28 # mywebserver::default installs httpd
rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:33 # mywebserver::default creates a template for the home page
rspec ./spec/unit/recipes/default_spec.rb:37 # mywebserver::default enables and starts the httpd servce
```

## Part 3 Write Code to Pass Unit Tests
See the code in Evolve/chef/cookbooks/mywebserver/default.rb

```
chef exec rspec
....

Finished in 3.31 seconds (files took 1.8 seconds to load)
4 examples, 0 failures
```

## Part 4 Use the httpd cookbook 
created a 2nd recipe myweb.rb executing the same unit tests
